README.md, before:

#Persisted sanitized pattern mapping

## What does it do?

Enables the possibility generating sanitized URL parts from persisted patterns.

## How does it work?

Adds a new routing aspect extending the PersistedPatternMapper from TYPO3 core with sanitized URL parts.

```yaml
aspects:
  country:
    type: PersistedSanitizedPatternMapper
    tableName: static_countries
    routeFieldPattern: '^(.*)-(?P<uid>\d+)$'
    routeFieldResult: '{cn_short_de|sanitized}-{uid}'
    localeMap:
      - locale: 'de_*'
        field: cn_short_de
      - locale: 'en_*'
        field: cn_short_en
  territory:
    type: PersistedSanitizedPatternMapper
    tableName: static_territories
    routeFieldPattern: '^(.*)-(?P<uid>\d+)$'
    routeFieldResult: '{tr_name_de|sanitized}-{uid}'
    localeMap:
      - locale: 'de_*'
        field: tr_name_de
      - locale: 'en_*'
        field: tr_name_en
```

As you can see, localization is respected, if needed.

## Installation

Only install the extension and configure your persisted pattern mappers as described above.

Commit message:

[TASK] Better readme description of use case

README.md, after:

#Persisted sanitized pattern mapping

## What does it do?

Enables the possibility generating sanitized URL parts from persisted patterns.
The default PersistedPatternAspect takes e.g. database values and uses them "as they are",
including umlauts, special characters and spaces, which will return them into your url and
result in unexpected behaviours.

This PersistedSanitizedRoutingAspect encodes and decodes the database part and 
will make better readable URL parts.

## How does it work?

Adds a new routing aspect extending the PersistedPatternMapper from TYPO3 core with sanitized URL parts.

```yaml
aspects:
  country:
    type: PersistedSanitizedPatternMapper
    tableName: static_countries
    routeFieldPattern: '^(?P<cn_short_de>[\w-]+)-(?P<uid>\d+)$'
    routeFieldResult: '{cn_short_de|sanitized}-{uid}'
    localeMap:
      - locale: 'de_*'
        field: cn_short_de
      - locale: 'en_*'
        field: cn_short_en
  territory:
    type: PersistedSanitizedPatternMapper
    tableName: static_territories
    routeFieldPattern: '^(?P<tr_name_de>[\w-]+)-(?P<uid>\d+)$'
    routeFieldResult: '{tr_name_de|sanitized}-{uid}'
    localeMap:
      - locale: 'de_*'
        field: tr_name_de
      - locale: 'en_*'
        field: tr_name_en
```

As you can see, localization is respected, if needed.

## Installation

Only install the extension and configure your persisted pattern mappers as described above fitting your needs.
The |sanitized part will respect the field you want to sanitize.
